# 05 Ponder : Weekly Reflection

1. Describe one challenge your team experienced working on the Android activity.
The only challege we had was that Inessa's laptop couldn't connect to any of our Android devices with ADB.


2. What is the difference between an Activity and an Intent?
An Activity is essentially the *view* that the end-user interacts with (including the necessary event callbacks).
An Intent is a separate event for passing data between activities.


3. Describe how the onCreate() callback works.
The onCreate() callback of an activity is fired when the activity is loaded into memory from disk (via an intent or from app load).
It's essentially the "main" method of an activity.


4. What's the biggest challenge you've experienced regarding Android development compared to pure Java development?
The biggest challenge for me has been positioning and sizing. Even though this is something I've experienced a bit before using JavaFX on the desktop (as well as with CSS in its own right), it's still a concept I'm struggling with.


5. After completing the assignments this week, what questions do you still have?
I have no questions at this time.


6. A common Android-related interview question is "What's the difference between onPause() and onDestroy() and what kinds of things might you do in those functions?". How would you answer that question?
onPause() is called when the activity is still in view but not yet stopped. This happens when either a) a different activity is being called and is loading; or b) the devices "view open windows" button is clicked and the app's window is still visible in the list.
Very little should be done here to save data to disk or to close network connections.
onDestory() is called when the activity is destroyed along with the rest of the app. This happens when: a) the user quits the app; or b) the system needs more memory for a higher-priority app; or c) the system faults and reboots.
This is typically where resources are cleaned up, connections are closed, and data is saved to disk.


7. Of all of the resources and tutorials in this week's assignments, which was the _most_ helpful to you and why?
All of the resources were equally helpful.


8. Of all of the resources and tutorials in this week's assignments, which was the _least_ helpful to you and why?
N/A


9. How many hours did you spend on this class this week?

05 Prepare - 0.5 
05 Teach - 0.5
05 Prove - 2.5
05 Ponder - 0.5
----------------------------
Total Hours - 4.0

