# 04 Ponder : Weekly Reflection

1. Describe one challenge your team experienced working on the GitHub activity.
We had no challenges.


2. What are the advantages to using a version control system like git?
Git allows developers to maintain a history——which is very useful for tracking changes——as well as branching——which is useful for testing and experimenting without breaking the production instance of a product.


3. What is the difference between git and GitHub?
"Git" is open-source software designed by Linus Torvalds used for version control.
GitHub is merely one of many cloud applications for hosting repositories and simply uses git.


4. What is the purpose of branching in git?
Branching is a tool to allow developers to experiment without breaking the prodcution instance. It also allows each user to maintain his/her local copy of the code and makes it easier to merge his/her code with the main repository.


5. Imagine you're working as a software developer for someone who doesn't have any experience with programming. How would you describe version control and git to your employer?
Version control is like an automated copy-editor for code. Different people can have their own local copy of the work and make any changes and markups that they want——just as one would markup his/her own copy of a physical document——and then submit it to the copy-editor to compile into a finished product along with all the other changes everyone else made.


6. After completing the assignments this week, what questions do you still have?
I have no further questions.


7. A common git-related interview question is "How do you revert a commit that has already been pushed and made public?". How would you answer that question?
You would execute "git revert" and specify the commit hash or reference in question.
You would then execute "git push" to submit the new changes.


8. Of all of the resources and tutorials in this week's assignments, which was the _most_ helpful to you and why?
The Interactive Git Tutorial was very helpful as it provided an easy-to-follow graphical representation of the git processes.


9. Of all of the resources and tutorials in this week's assignments, which was the _least_ helpful to you and why?
Even though the Katacoda reference was very helpful as well (especially since it required more hands-on command execution), it provided almost no visuals which made it hard to follow what was really going on and why.



10. How many hours did you spend on this class this week?

04 Prepare - 0.5
04 Teach - 0.5
04 Prove - 3.5
04 Ponder - 0.25
----------------------------
Total Hours - 4.75 

