# 08 Ponder : Weekly Reflection

1. What is the purpose of a unit test?
A unit test is designed to test the functionality of specific parts of code, such as classes, functions, etc.
This is opposed to, for example, integration tests which test the app as a whole.


2. What are the pros and cons of Test Driven Development?
Pros:
- TDD helps developers understand all the necessary parts from the beginning and thereby ensure that all parts are
working correctly before release.
- TDD helps quantify the goals by providing discrete targets--in other words, it gives the developer a specific
test to pass as he/she plans what and how much to code at any given time.
Cons:
- TDD has a very large learning curve which can be a struggle for new software teams.
- TDD tests can be very hard to write because it's difficult to know what possible errors to look for.


3. How are assert statements used by JUnit for unit testing?
JUnit has various assert statements that ensure two values are either equal, not equal, true, false, etc.
If an assert statement fails, then an exception is thrown that signals to the test engine that a failure happened at
a specific line of code.


4. A common design-pattern interview question is "Describe a situation where you would use the Observer pattern.". How would you answer that question?
One situation where the observer pattern is most useful is in UI, especially in graphics simulations where keyboard,
mouse, touch, and other user input is constant. There is an observer listening for user input asynchronously that
sends signals/updates to the central simulation engine which then handles the changes in its own synchronous loop.


5. Of all of the resources and tutorials in this week's assignments, which was the _most_ helpful to you and why?
The JUnit resource was the most helpful--it had the least fluff.


6. Of all of the resources and tutorials in this week's assignments, which was the _least_ helpful to you and why?
Almost all other TDD articles were a bit tedious to read, with quite a bit off drawn-out fluff.


7. How would you say your team project is proceeding so far?
The team project is going well, but mostly thanks to Klevin. His knowledge of databases plus his experience writing
apps has helped immensely, and he's really hit the ground running.
Inessa dropped the class, but her absence thankfully hasn't put us back too far since she was struggling to keep up
anyway.


8. Did anyone on your team have any violations/infractions of the Team Agreement this week? If so, were the punishments enforced?
No punishments were needed this week for Klevin. I didn't work nearly as hard as he did this week on the project, but
I did attend both meetings that we scheduled. The only infraction I might have committed was simply not doing my part
on my own time before the end of the week——I have quite a bit to catch up on before the first deliverable.


9. Are there any concerns regarding your project or your team that you want the teacher to know about?
I have no concerns at this time.


10. How many hours did you spend on this class this week?



08 Prepare - 0.75
08 Teach - 0.25
08 Prove - 0.50
08 Ponder - 0.25
08 Team Project - 1.25
----------------------------
Total Hours - 3.00

