# 06 Ponder : Weekly Reflection

1. Describe how multithreading works.
The operating system can create various "threads" or independent concurrent processes for any given program and/or
for multiple programs. Each thread runs independent of other threads—unless synchronization is necessary at any
given point—and can run virtually (or literally, with the right hardware) at the same time as those other threads.
This is how, for example, a web page lets the user browse and interact with content while data is simultaneously
sent to and retrieved from the server without a "laggy" experience.


2. What is the difference between sublcassing Thread and implementing Runnable?
Subclassing the Thread class forces the child class(es) to inherit all of the overhead associated with Thread,
including any and all unused and unwanted functions. Implementing Runnable, however, is much more lenient as
the only function to "inherit" (implement) is "public void run" which requires no other functionality to be
used, as there are no other inherited methods or properties.


3. What was one of the most difficult challenges your team faced working on the multithreading assignment?
Our team struggled a bit with implementing the device file I/O as opposed to normal macOS/Windows file I/O.
I also struggled a bit with passing variables to inner classes until I realized I needed to send "final" versions
of them.


4. After completing the assignments this week, what questions do you still have?
I have no further questions at this time.


5. A common Android-related interview question is "If you need to update the GUI from a background thread, how can you accomplish this?". How would you answer that question?
Android allows for two options:
1. Inside of the Runnable inner-/subclass method, create another Runnable subclass that runs on the UI thread
(e.g. using <MainActivity>.runOnUiThread()) and do the UI updates in that inner-inner class "run" method.
2. Using AsyncTask, process updates to the UI on <AsyncTask>.onProgressUpdate() and call that function from
within <AsyncTask>.doInBackground() using publishProgress().

6. How would you explain to a new developer what a software design pattern is?
A software design pattern is essentially a reusable (generic) model for how to solve a software design problem.
Each software design model reflects a different thought process and is better suited for its own type of problem.
Software design patterns allow programmers to use real-world problem solving skills to create software solutions.


7. Give an example of when you would use the Strategy pattern other than the examples given in the reading.
The Strategy pattern is used to convert an algorithm (ultimately) into code. The Strategy pattern rarely uses
objects, states or asynchronous events like other patterns/models do; instead, it simply "gets from A to B"
using discrete, logical steps.


8. Of all of the resources and tutorials in this week's assignments, which was the _most_ helpful to you and why?
The Android resources (AsyncTask, implementing Runnable threads, etc.) were the most helpful.


9. Of all of the resources and tutorials in this week's assignments, which was the _least_ helpful to you and why?
The Software Design Patterns was not very applicable this week.


10. How many hours did you spend on this class this week?

06 Prepare - 1.0
06 Teach - 2.0
06 Prove - 3.0
06 Ponder - 0.5
----------------------------
Total Hours - 6.5

